Well, good evening, morning, afternoon, family to everybody. Thank you for joining us tonight.
We're going to pray, but I want to go over some of the things that we prayed about last time we were together a day or so ago and show you what's in the news today that goes alongside the direction of what we're praying, warning us about what's coming.
I warned you all what the Holy Spirit was telling me in our prayer time of great persecution coming upon the people and freedom of speech in Canada, the UK, eventually America, warning us about trying to silence.
This was the persecution coming upon the church whenever I told you all it would be like an olive press and that as the olive press or as the olives were being pressed in the olive press that a new oil would come forth, that the very freedoms that you take for granted every single day, a lot of us would be challenged.
We would see them be challenged: freedom of speech, putting on social media certain things.
So, here we see we're going to watch this video about somebody who made a tweet like an X post in the middle of the night.
Made an X post in England. I don't know what they said, but obviously it was against the Palestinian and all what I've told you is coming.
Persecution comes for the word's sake. But here's one that I want you to watch about somebody who's being persecuted by putting an X post and then they're being arrested.
So go ahead and play this real quick, and I'm going to show you several instances that are happening just like the Holy Spirit warned us they were coming.
And it's happening quick. That tells you something. Right after the 23rd, and here we are.
We're starting to see an uptick in this kind of behavior. So, go ahead and play this, son. Can you play it?
'If you've got stuff you'd like to gather, obviously I'm more than willing to talk through what you're able to take with you.''What? You're taking me away now?''Yes. So, you're under arrest.
So, you're going to Harrogate, unfortunately.''You're taking me to Harrogate in the middle of the night over a tweet?''I am, unfortunately.''Is this what you signed up the police to do?''This is my role.
I'm trying to be reasonable with you here. So if there's stuff you'd like to gather, I'm more than willing to allow you to gather some sort of stuff like medication.
If you've got any numbers you need, but at the moment...''You joined the police to go and arrest people at night for tweets online?''Do you need any medication?
I can't imagine that you are going to be in very long, but do you need any medication that you take at night?''No.
No.''Do you need anything else you can think of? Wallet? Want to change your shoes or what?''I'd like to put some shoes on if that's all right with you.''Righty.
We will.'Okay. Say it again. So, for instance, this is why I'm trying to tell you all this is what's coming.
This is why I told you we have to stand and pray because of this behavior right here.
I don't know what this man put on his tweet, but obviously it was not something that they liked to hear because he was arrested that day.
Here's another one of what I told you all. This is Philadelphia. This just happened a couple of days ago.
This is right outside of Trump Tower, of what I've tried to tell you all of what's coming.
And here we have a prayer gathering for the Muslim faith coming and praying right outside.
Basically, they're not agreeing with what's going on in America. But watch this.
You can see Trump Tower in the background, yeah, on the right side.
In the right side there. Can they hear it? Mexico. Do you all... can they hear me?
So you can see an uptick of Sharia law, the things that I'm telling you that is coming to America.
We see these events happening. This just happened this week at Trump Tower. And so we see... I want you to see another post here of...
remember I told you how everybody will line up in single file lines on Fridays and worship the Mahdi?
This right here is in Philadelphia. This event just took place in Philadelphia.
And I want you to see another thing of how a call to prayer, and we have so many...
and like I said, we have an uptick of all this major... not America.
This is a Christian nation, from what I understood. But I want you to hear this.
Go ahead and play this. This is yesterday. Which one? This one.
That one right there. Play that. This is in Philadelphia in the middle of a neighborhood.
Do you even know that stuff? I know. I don't know about y'all, but this is what I've tried to warn y'all about.
This stuff was going to start to take place. And this is the beginning.
I'm telling you all, I'm not trying to be all radical here. I'm trying to tell you.
This is the beginning of what I warned you was coming. I warned you.
Now, I've tried to tell you we need to pray. You need to stand up for what you believe. You need to stand for what you believe.
As a Christian, they're bold about their faith, but most Christians are just kind of like, 'Oh, we don't want to tip the scale here.'We want to be bold about what we believe, but to the point of the persecution that I told you is coming—great persecution.
And these are major cities in our United States of America. And most people are going, 'Oh, that's not happening here, they're in the South.'Folks, I warned you what's coming.
And here I'm trying to tell you another instance that this major gathering...
and I'm not trying to persecute anybody. I'm trying to tell you we're Christians and we need to be bigger.
We need to be bolder about our faith. They're bolder about theirs, obviously. But I'm trying to say we're a Christian nation.
That's what we stand for, and so it just is alarming to me some of the things that I'm seeing. So here we have... I warned you about...
this is what I want to tell you, and I don't know if this young lady's listening to our videos and what we're praying about—10 major cities and 100 men per city.
This is exactly what I told you. So we have this young girl. I don't know who she is, but I think it's interesting what she is saying about people who came over from the southern border.
And I warned you about these people coming over in the middle of the night.
And I even told you about three men crossing over in the Arizona area.
And I saw mountains in the background, and they got in a black SUV-looking van-looking thing.
And I told you they're al-Qaeda leaders. And I warned you. And now we hear this young woman. I want you to hear what she's saying.
But she's talking about even about what I saw in the spirit about 10 major cities with a hundred men per city.
And she's talking about a thousand. She's talking, and I thought, 'Is she watching our videos?
Is she hearing us praying? Is this real?'I told Braden, I said, 'Is this real?'because of what she's warning.
And I want you to hear what she's telling y'all. And like I said, I'm not trying to cause hype.
I'm just trying to tell you what we are praying is coming up in the news and on Twitter later within just a couple months.
I've been praying about this since January before, warning you.
Praying about our cities and our major... and even the five...
there's five major cities. And listen, pray over these five. Pray over them.
This is very serious, and I want you to hear what this young lady says.
'I don't know how this isn't being blasted everywhere between creators and the news, but everyone needs to share this.
Opening up the southern border and allowing it to go unchecked for years and millions of people coming in that weren't vetted had to be the biggest act of treason in American history.
And I'm about to tell you why. Because al-Qaeda is in this country right now.
The National Counterterrorism Center just put out a memo about this to all law enforcement.'Over 1,000 highly trained operatives from al-Qaeda have gotten into this country via the southern border.
They have come from training camps all throughout the Middle East, and they are confirmed to be planning a massive multi-city attack.
They are also unformed to be disguised as law enforcement, first responders, and medical employees.
These individuals want to obliterate Western civilization, and they can do it because we cannot find them.
Because of our previous open border, we have no idea who they are, but it is confirmed that they are here and planning these attacks.
So, if you are someone that lives in a major city or works around a major hub, you need to stay off your phone in public and be vigilant, especially around hospitals, police cars, etc.
You need to be aware of your surroundings. Make sure that your law enforcement is up to date on this information, and be aware of any confirmed or theorized sleeper cells.
This is a very, very real threat. None of this has been exaggerated.
And be aware that the goal of these attacks is mass casualty. Again, I do not say this lightly.
I have no idea why nowhere is covering it on the news or on social media. It's literally nowhere.
Maybe it's because they don't want to scare people, send people into a panic, and shut down the country.
But the public deserves to know this information. Again, this is coming from our highest level of intelligence.
It has been confirmed, and there's really not much that we can do considering we cannot track these people, these terrorists. Please be cautious.
So, we have people talking like this on the internet, and I don't know who she is, but it stood out to me because it's exactly what I warned you all about.
This is exactly what we've been praying over since January—around what was it, November? We've been praying over this. I've told you that.
I've seen these people, and even whenever I'm praying in the spirit, I see individual faces.
I tell you, and I said this is what we're praying over. And I'm not—I said I'm not called to fear. We're never called to fear, but we're called to pray.
And that's what this channel is about: to pray, to uncover, and to believe God that our Homeland Security, our FBI, our CIA, our people that are working in and protecting us, our service department, our local NYPD, they will hear and they will see this stuff uncovered.
This is serious stuff. So then we have the major thing that was uncovered before all our UN and all the 100,000 SIM cards were uncovered, and that was a major uncovering.
Do you all understand that was a major operation? Something huge that kind of just hit the media a little bit and then was kind of brushed under the rug, you know, sleight of hand.
Look over here. Look over here. Oh, don't look too hard, and then it disappears.
So in the middle of the night, whenever we were praying here, I said, "Let's pray over mass transit places."This is very serious, ladies and gentlemen.
I told you all we must pray over our mass transit. And in the middle of the night, this happens at Grand Central Station.
Is this coincidence? I think not. This is exactly what I warned you about by the spirit of God last video.
Praying in the spirit, telling you you must pray over these five major cities.
And then this happens the exact night we're praying. And I want you to see this: Grand Central Station is completely blacked out.
All the power goes out, and they don't know why. And it's out for 45 minutes in the middle of the night.
Now, that's not normal. It doesn't happen. But it's in a mass transit place.
This is exactly what I warned you to pray, and then this happens the same night we're praying.
That's not coincidence that God has called us for such a time as this to pray.
Why did this go dark? That's weird. It took them 45 minutes to get the generators on.
What did they do during that time frame that all the electricity was out?
I don't know. I'm not trying to freak everybody out. I'm just telling you, you need to take our prayer time seriously.
To the mockers and the scoffers that go, "Oh, well, Brandon, you know, you're way out there.
You quote a lot of stuff and nothing ever happens,"look, that's not normal.
"Well, you know, it's just a normal power outage."No, you all need to let the elevator go to the top.
You need to let the elevator go to the top. Think about what's happening in the middle of the night.
Why? Why this? Why is this stuff going on? And it doesn't hit the media very much.
But this is some individual just walking around Grand Central Station trying to warn everybody, "Hey, the lights are out."So then it makes the news a little bit.
Did anybody know that happened? It's what I told you all. I try to tell you all to pray about these places.
Pray about these places. And then the power goes out. Well, we've got to put lights on in there because nobody can see anything and everybody's freaked out.
So, I tell you to pray over major gatherings. Pray over football games.
Pray over baseball games. Pray over your churches—your local churches.
Pray over your children's schools. Pray over these things. I'm not trying to get you all freaked out.
But then we have President Trump say, "We're going to label Antifa as a terrorist organization, and he's going to send troops into Oregon and these other areas to bust these guys because there's a reason here."Show them that clip: "...officially signing an executive order designating Antifa as a domestic terror organization.
All as the White House aims to crack down on the sources funding the group.
President Trump has promised he will directly address the dark sources funding and supporting this domestic terrorism to finally restore order in our country.
The American people can expect further very strong action on this very soon.
Everyone, Republican, Democrat, everyone in between, we all deserve to live in a country where we do not have to fear for our lives simply for stating what we believe in.
A former Antifa activist, Gabriel..."So, you have our president. Thank God. And what did I tell you about him?
I said there will be many of you that, even in the days ahead, you'll say, "Thank God he is our president right now.
Thank God President Trump is in power right now."There will be so many people in the days ahead.
I said there are very dark days that try to come upon our nation, very dark days that will try to come upon our nation.
He said, the Lord said, because of our votes, because of what we did, we have averted something huge.
I think, even from what I've seen in the spirit, even on a greater scale than what you all realize, they're planning something, people, and I'm telling you, we have good law enforcement, we have good FBI, we have people in there.
We even have them catching whoever that was that got busted, he got indicted this last week. We're uncovering the swamp. We're draining the swamp.
Just like President Trump said, "We're going to drain the swamp."We have this big meeting on the 30th.
What is this big meeting? We pray for the rats to be exposed. We pray for our Homeland Security.
We pray for our people that we are protected because the Lord said to us when I was driving around—I can tell you I was downtown Tulsa, and the Lord said to me, "The very freedoms you take for granted every single day, you wake up and you don't have to plan your day out by, oh, well, am I safe to go here, am I safe to go there.
The Lord said the enemy will try to challenge that so that you take for granted—because people take for granted the very security and the safety that we have just to live a normal, peaceful life."So, we pray over Don Jr.
We pray over Kai as she went to the golfing event with Trump. Out of all the grandkids, the Lord pointed out that young lady, and He said, "You must pray for her.
You must pray for her."And nobody else went to the golfing match, but that young lady went to the golfing match with her grandfather.
I just thought, that's not a coincidence. That's not a coincidence that God would have us pray for that young woman. Do you understand?
Out of all the grandkids you could have picked out, He picked her, and He said, "Pray for her."And then she goes to the golf match. And I thought, "Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a plan, Father, that You see, so You warn Your people to intercede on behalf of the people who would be a target."It wasn't a grandson.
I don't know how many grandkids he has, but I'm telling you he has a lot.
We never ever bring up Barron very often to pray for; he's talking about Kai.
And then she goes to the golf match, and I thought, "That's interesting.
That's interesting."But He calls, He warns ahead of time just like He did with Abraham warning about Lot.
God always comes and prepares His people and says, "You need to pray here."It's not a call to fear; it's a call to prayer.
And I thought, "God, You're so amazing."I don't know anything about the inside of their family and the dynamics of everything.
I don't know anything about these people other than what we see on the media. But isn't it amazing that He would point her out?
And I thought, "And here she is."And I thought, "Man, my Lord."But we know that He didn't call and tell us that for us to fail.
He called us to be successful. Why? Because we have the victory.
We have the victory that overcomes the world, even our faith.
And here we say, pray over Don Jr., pray over Eric, pray over the family, intercede for them.
It would cause a great distraction from Trump and great heartache on him if any of these beautiful family members would be in harm's way.
So that's what our job is: to pray for her. And I think it's a great honor that God would call us and He would trust us, ladies and gentlemen, for such a time as this.
So, one of our things here, we have the United Kingdom. The head over the United Kingdom, the Prime Minister, said during his term that this is what's going to happen.
I want you to listen to what he said is coming. This lines up with the beast system.
We have the head of the United Kingdom stating this at a meeting. Can you play that, son? Is it working?
"Starmer's government wants people in the UK to have a digital ID stored on their mobile phones.
That will be a basic requirement for the right to work in the country.
This government will make a new, free-of-charge digital ID mandatory for the right to work by the end of this parliament.
Let me spell that out: you will not be able to work in the United Kingdom if you do not have a digital ID."With Reform and Nigel, the issue of identity cards has been...
So did you hear what he said? That's part of the beast system.
You will not be able to do any kind of work in the United Kingdom until you have a digital ID.
All he needed to say now is, "You will not be able to buy, sell, or trade, or do anything at all."And then we've got the beast system right there.
The stage is being set. It's a slow fade like a frog in a pot heating up the water.
You don't introduce the whole thing at once; you bring in a piece at a time because you become desensitized.
So you have to desensitize the masses first. And I say they're rolling it out. They're rolling it out.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you live in the United Kingdom, as of now, under his administration—I don't know what that means, but just saying from that administration—you will not be able to work or do anything until you have that digital ID, and it will be on your phone and stuff.
And remember what I told you where they would introduce it first: it will be on your cell phone.
I warned you; I told you exactly how it happens in the beast system.
It comes on your cell phone, and then it becomes a digital dollar.
And then we say we're not going to use currency anymore because of the virus that they're about to release on everybody.
"We can't—the money is tainted. You can't touch it because the virus is spreading on the money.
The virus is spreading on the money, on the coins and your paper."So we're going to do away with the paper and the coins, and you're going to have to use your cell phone—the same thing you have to have for your job—to pay for your goods.
And then we do away with the cell phone, and they put it in your hand—your right hand or your forehead.
It's coming just like they told us it would in the Bible: digital ID. And then Diana reads about it.
She said, "Hey, Brandon, did you know that they say they want to introduce this before 2030?
All of this done before 2030."That's five years, a five-year plan. That's not a coincidence.
I'm just trying to tell you all, I want you not to be an ostrich in the sand, but to know what's coming around you and where we are in the end—the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time to open your eyes. It's time to look around and know that the water's getting hotter.
Signs are coming. We have another major minister passed away.
Just like the Lord said, you're going to start to see a transition of elders going home.
Another one passed away, and everybody's freaking out: "Hey, Brandon, did you see this guy go home?"I said, "Doesn't surprise me.
The Lord warned us that this stuff was coming. Major ministers going home."So now, I told you about cyber attacks upon air flights in the FAA.
Now we have a major disruption from the FAA. Did you see this?
Cyber attacks that grounded planes worldwide were designed to sow chaos.
Here it is. This is a major article that I told you. Remember when I brought out the whole system, it was 1995 Windows.
I said the FAA is still using 1995 Windows floppy discs, Microsoft. And I warned you all about that.
And I said, "You must pray for cybersecurity concerning our American Air, Delta, United, praying over this because I saw planes falling out of the sky."Do you remember that?
Who remembers that? Those warnings. I told you this back in—was it March?
Yeah. And I said, "You must pray over the FAA."Do you remember that?
And I said, I saw planes coming out, and they were falling out of the sky.
There was confusion and mass chaos in the sky, and they were grounded.
Who remembers that? Now we see articles about it. It's not a coincidence.
So, I bring all this to you to try to shake you a little bit tonight, to let you know our prayers change things. Our prayer channel is working.
And people want to know, "Where are the fires after the 23rd?"Ladies and gentlemen, I don't know what that was all about.
The Lord gave me a glimpse on the 23rd, 24th, 25th, and 26th for fires. And then He told us to pray over Benjamin.
Remember I told you Benjamin—you know, I said I saw a hurricane and he was in the eye of the storm, and there was a storm on all sides.
There was a storm around this man on all sides. Everyone turned their back on him.
He's in the middle of the UN speech, and everybody walks out.
The whole thing. Everybody walks out on him, and he keeps talking.
He's mid-speech, and everybody gets up and walks out in the UN, and he starts crying. There's all this stuff going on, folks.
And I'm telling you, the Lord said, "We must pray for President Trump to stand on the side of Israel for the blessing on Israel."He made a statement which was alarming to me.
He said, "We will not go along with him. We'll not go with Israel.
I will not allow Israel to annex the West Bank. The West Bank."Yeah.
And so a lot of people are like, "Oh my gosh, he's standing against Israel."Well, most people are saying that is a great betrayal.
Remember I said there'll start to be a great betrayal? But I said, I saw if we prayed, we'd have a Jonathan and David relationship.
We must pray for President Trump not to cave under pressure concerning all these people walking out on Israel because I said all these nations were—what did I tell you would be about the 23rd?
I said the Lord said it would be a line in the sand to say who is for it and who's against it?
The sheep and the goats. The sheep and the goat nations would be presented in the days ahead concerning the UN.
And exactly what the Lord said is exactly what happened during the 23rd. And I told you about this clear back in March or April.
And I said this will be a hot spot and it's circled, and there will be a haze upon the month of September.
And there is a major decisions that will be made during the week of the 23rd.
And exactly what happened, and the sheep who want to be a sheep nation and who wants to be a goat nation...
we pray for America to remain a sheep nation and that we would be underneath the blessing.
There are a lot of people—you see the goats, there's a lot of goats out there—it's very serious, this is very serious.
So then we see the president underneath the pressure of the decision that he made saying, "We will not let them annex the Golan Heights and all this stuff."We're standing against that and all that.
Folks, I told Dee, I said, "Please study. Help me. What does this mean?
What is all this major decision?"This is major stuff that's happening right now. This is all end times during the week.
During the week of this 23rd, the Lord spoke to us about this week, and we had the 23rd, 24th, 25th, and here we had all this stuff, and He said, "Watch the fig tree."Remember our prayer time?
Does anybody remember this stuff? I said, "Watch the fig tree."This will be a crucial week concerning Israel, and it looked like there's a storm on all sides with war crimes.
I found out Netanyahu said if he lands in any other country other than here or Israel, he immediately has an arrest warrant to be arrested if he touches down in those countries.
He can't land there. He even had to choose a different way of flying his plane to get to the UN because he was concerned about his safety, that they would shoot his plane down out of the air.
He couldn't even fly in a normal pattern. And the Lord said, "There'll be a storm upon all sides,"and he was standing in the middle of a hurricane.
I said his very life was in danger. He said, "Pray for these things. Pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
Pray for the stability of Jerusalem."You say, "Well, I don't agree with anything they stand for.
I don't agree with all that."I'm not talking about an administration.
I'm talking about the country, the people, the Jewish people, the Israeli people, praying for stability and peace on their land, and that we would stand by the Jewish people, stand by God's chosen people.
And I'm telling you, regardless of what you want to believe—"I believe, I don't believe that anymore"—I don't care what you believe.
You're on the wrong channel. You're on the wrong channel. I stand for peace.
I stand for the hostages after all these years to be released as they've been tortured and done all what they've done to.
We pray for the people to be released. I think they said twenty-some people are still in bondage after all these years.
"But Palestine's the victim here."And I understand that, right? Is that what you want to tell me?
Yeah, there've been atrocities happen on both sides, but we need to de-escalate this thing and cause peace.
We want peace in Gaza. We want peace for all the people, anybody suffering. We don't want anybody to suffer.
But the antisemitism, I told you, would explode in the days ahead, and it's exactly what's happening.
Remember I told you I saw out of Berlin the bat signal come up out of the ground that was coming up out of satanic practice that was the swastika, and the Lord said, "You'll see this in a greater measure in the days ahead all throughout Europe, and there will try to be a great escalation of war."Now, I want to say this to you.
I've heard other prophetic people say that Putin will be removed and all these things. I'm telling you, I have not seen that at all when I pray.
I have seen Putin get even stronger with a great Apollyon coming beside him trying to oppress him or possess him and cause great war in the days ahead, with the great Apollyon coming up out of the pit.
I've not seen him removed. I've seen a revival breaking out in China and North Korea, and a great shaking would take place in these areas so that revival could take place.
But the Lord said it will be a small window, a small window. It would not last a long time in China and North Korea—a small window.
But I saw the hook in the jaw. I saw the Ezekiel 38 and 39 war. A great, terrible day that will be.
You see, all these things are about to birth right in front of our faces as we see the fig tree. The Lord said, "Watch the fig tree.
Watch these things."And we're seeing an escalation of these things happening, and we'll see Ezekiel 38 and 39 soon.
Watch. And I know I probably ticked some of y'all off, but you'll get over it.
I mean, whatever. I'm not here to tickle your ears anymore. I've got to tell you the truth of where we are in the end times. And I'm sure there's a lot of you that get mad at me.
Same people that get mad about the flat-earthers and the pre-tribbers, the rapture—"You believe in it, you don't believe in it."I didn't realize how divided the body of Christ was on so many issues.
And you go, "Hey, that's all right."I'm going to tell you what I believe, and this is my right.
I'm not here to try to cause strife, but I'm trying to tell you we're here to call to prayer regardless of all these political issues.
The very freedoms that you have right now will be challenged in the days ahead. I warned you about this.
The very freedoms of speech, the very freedom that you have in Australia—it's coming in a great wave of trying to hush.
Australia and Canada, big time. Remember what I tell you. I've seen great persecution coming to the Canadian Christians, and now we see it in England, and it will intensify.
It will intensify. So, I don't know. It wasn't all goosebumps and happy, right, what I had to say tonight, but I tried to tell you all we see in the news.
So, we're believing God for financial blessing on the body of Christ for jet fuel for this revival that we're about to see.
I believe it. Can you sense it? Can you feel it? A major harvest of souls is about to take place, a major shaking to awaken.
As I saw the people marching down the street, coming against Christians and saying all the things they say, and I thought, "This is America."But Texas Governor Abbott stood against Sharia law and that massive temple that was trying to be built in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.
It was a massive Muslim temple that was about to be built, and Governor Abbott stood and said, "We ain't having that down here.
We're not having Sharia law down here in Texas."I remember I saw the walls come up on the east and the west sides of Texas, and they tried to secede from the Union, from America, trying to create their own thing, saying, "We're going to have gun laws.
We're going to have gun freedom. We're going to have all this stuff."And I said Texas tries to secede from the Union, saying, "Listen, you are nuts.
We're going to stay and do our own thing."I said this is what comes in the days ahead. I saw this.
And they tried to create their own borders, creating their own little nation called Texas, like their own thing, in the days ahead.
But then I saw the Lord say, "It's so important how you vote in 2026."Do not let your guard down just because we have a president that we like and say, "Well, yeah, we're okay, folks, because President Trump's behind the wheel."You must start to pray now for our elections in 2026 to vote in the right people in the Senate and the House and our governors, that we would stay strong in Texas with the decisions that were just made.
That's what I'm talking about—having a backbone like a crowbar.
Governor Abbott just did that. He said, "No, we're not doing that nonsense here.
We're a Christian up in here."And the Lord said even Oklahoma would be challenged in the days ahead and it would be divided with blue and red trying to go liberal.
And people in Oklahoma said, "Oh, you know, that'll never happen."That's the kind of attitude that you don't need to have.
You need to have an "on guard at all times"attitude. Do not take for granted what you have and say, "Well, you know, we have Governor Stitt in there.
He's more Republican."All it takes is one voting time of letting your guard down that can change everything in your area. You must always stay vigilant.
You must always be praying for our leaders, that the left-wing, far-right crazy idea thinking does not come like it did in California.
Go look at California and look at what Gavin has done to that place.
We see videos and we go, "It looks like hell on earth."As you look through San Francisco and those areas, they're nuts. So I'm trying to tell you that we cannot allow...
we have three months, the fourth quarter starts next week, and then by this time next year major decisions will start to unfold in our country, and we must pray for a red wave over this area—a red wave over our nation, another red wave of God's goodness and mercy.
Start praying about it now, just like we did last time; we prayed and God answered our prayer.
"If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways."Don't wait until October of 2026 and say, "Well, church, we better start praying."We must start now as we see this nonsense going on in Philadelphia.
And it was one of the major cities that I warned you about to pray over—Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., Chicago, New York, and Boston, Massachusetts.
He said, "You must pray over these major five cities the most out of the ten."It's serious.
So, all right, let's pray. That's what we're here for. I've spouted it out and I've said enough, I guess.
You know, I don't know how many people are here. How many people?
5,600? All right. Well, in the middle of the night, we have 5,600.
Praise God for every single one of you that pray with us. Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon you. And with your stripes, we are healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that there's an expiration date to every one of your problems.
No matter how bad it seems to be in your life, Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory over sickness and disease.
And we pray blessing and increase and multiplication and favor over your households tonight, that you're healed by the stripes of Jesus.
And as you take communion, this is not a religious act; this is relationship.
Do you understand? I want you to become so real with God, and God will become real to you.
Stop looking at him as a Catholic God or a Baptist God—He is just Jesus outside of religious circles, out of a religious tent.
It's just relationship. I just want you. I don't want a denomination; I just want Jesus today.
And when you take this, this is not a religious act; this is relationship.
I just want him. I just need him. I just sold out to him tonight.
And all this fearful stuff and all this stuff going on, we just need him.
He is the Prince of Peace. He is our advocate, he's our standby.
The Holy Spirit is making intercession there; he's praying, he's helping us, he's praying through us.
And as we yield to him tonight and we pray, he knows what we need before we need it.
And we have pinpoint, target prayers tonight—praying for our nation, praying for your marriage, praying for your children, praying for your health, praying for your finances.
He knows what you have need of before you even know you need it.
But if you seek him, you will find him, and if you knock, the door will be opened unto you. He said he'll not withhold any good thing from his kids.
"If ye, being evil, give good gifts to your children, how much more does your heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love him?"He is a good gift-giver, he's a healer, he's a deliverer.
He has a plan for your life, but you have to trust him, and you have to sit at his feet and say, "Father, here am I.
Use me. Here am I, Lord. I need you. I'm broken. I got to have you, Father."But I don't take this in religion.
I hate religion with a passion, but I love relationship with Jesus.
He's never left me and he's never forsaken me. Even in my darkest hour, he's always been there.
Even whenever I don't feel like he is there, he said it and I just believe it.
You must stay at a place of refreshing. The darker the dark gets, we have to become brighter.
We must become brighter in these last days. Many of you don't understand this.
You think, "Well, I go to a lukewarm church, and I get a lukewarm meal, and I get lukewarm whatever porridge,"and you think you're going to stay strong in these last days.
You must find where the meat's at. You must find where you're attached to the vine.
"Apart from him, you can do nothing."The Bible says, "Apart from him, you can do nothing."Jesus said, "I can't do nothing without heaven.
Everything I do, I have to have the Father."If Jesus is that way, you need to be that way.
"Apart from him, I can do nothing."That's why, like Kathryn Kuhlman and Billy, we always say, "We attract to deflect."It's about him.
No matter how big the channel gets, no matter how big whatever, that's why I always want to tell you: you come here because you see we see the future.
We see a glimpse of the future, but it's always about Jesus. It's always about Jesus.
And I'm so thankful that you would want to come and pray with us.
But we're seeing the future before it happens, and I come here and I tell you, and then you're seeing it in the news, and it's pretty accurate.
It's exciting. I go, "Look at that."We're all a work in progress, folks.
We're all getting a perfect message through an imperfect vessel.
The water pipe might be a little clogged some days, but the message is pure. And how I deliver it may be a little...
it comes across maybe a little bit not as pure because of the fact that it's coming through an imperfect vessel.
But the message is always pure. It's the way I filter it. He's always telling us the right; it's the way I'm filtering it.
Does that make sense, what I'm telling y'all? He is always pure in the way he says is pure.
My ears might not be in tune that good that day. He's dealing with what he has to work with, and it's me right now with this channel.
And he's going, "Brandon, you got to stay on the vine closer, buddy. You got to drink more from the cup.
You're dealing with imperfect people."But thank God that he deals with every single one of us.
And he says, "Hey, I'm just excited you showed up, every single one of you."He said, "We're the closers.
We're the best he has."We're the closers, ladies and gentlemen. He saved the best for last, and that's you and me.
And many of you will start to walk in a great anointing to bring in the lost.
Many of you will start to walk in signs and wonders, and hear and see and do things just like Diana and I are doing right now.
Many of you, He is polishing you up right now, and He's about to put you in a great position of influence.
It's all hands on deck right now. And that's why I try to talk about communion all the time.
You must understand what this represents. You must understand that it's more than just a wafer and a little cup of juice.
This represents something in the spirit realm. The devil's scared spitless of this.
When you understand who you are, he's scared spitless of it.
He doesn't care about a Christian who just takes this as just a body and this is just a little thing.
No, it's what it represents, and then he's scared of it. And when you know who you are and when this Bible becomes real to you, he's scared of that Bible.
He's burned it. He's killed many people who tried to bring the gospel.
Do you understand? There's a reason why. There's more to this.
He doesn't persecute any other religion. I tell you this, he doesn't persecute the Muslims.
The devil doesn't persecute because there's no fruit in it.
There is fruit in this; that's why it's persecuted throughout the whole world. So, Father, we lift up this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and we're well in Jesus'name.
Do you believe that tonight? You've got to believe it. You've got to be a believing believer.
And we thank You for the blood and we apply the blood in the name of Jesus. And we thank You, Lord, as a couple, Father.
We thank You, Lord, that we have the blood of Jesus that covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us. We make much of the blood tonight.
We make much of the blood concerning our health. We make much of the blood, Father, concerning our bodies.
We make much of the blood that no witchcraft, no incantations, no chants, no voodoo, nothing comes nigh us.
The blood of Jesus is round about us. The blood of Jesus is around our house.
The blood of Jesus is over our children and our wife and our finances.
We take our rightful place in our seat according to Ephesians, and we're seated with Him in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers and might.
We are joint heirs with Jesus Christ; as He is, so are we in this world.
We plead the blood of Jesus over us. Thank You, Lord. Right. She knows this is the way we do it.
We do it boldly. We come into this throne room boldly. We sit at His feet boldly.
And thank God for those who labor among us. Thank God for our friends who labor among us.
We're out there. We're ready to take that devil down. We're not afraid. We know who we are in Christ.
You either better be a believing believer in these last days and say you've messed with the wrong person today.
So we plead the blood and we take it. That's what you do. Do you believe that?
You have to believe it. I can't get there for you. I can't get there for Diana.
I can't get there for Braden. You have to have a relationship with Jesus Christ for yourself. My prayers can only get you so far.
But after you even get your miracle, and I believe you'll get one tonight, you have to keep it by your own faith.
My faith can't keep you there. You have to have faith for Jesus to heal you yourself.
You have to believe that He is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him.
You have to believe that He'll restore your marriage. I can pray for your marriage tonight.
I can believe God for your marriage to get better. But ultimately, the buck stops with you.
Either you believe it or you don't. You're going to see many people whom you used to look up to be shaken in the days ahead.
You must have faith for yourself; you must have a relationship for yourself.
I'm trying to tell you, your heroes will be challenged. You must know Jesus for yourself.
You go to the judgment seat alone. Yes. No one holds your hand.
Nobody's going to hold your hand. And they need to know that when you stand before the Lord. It's so important.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, I'm not talking about your grandma's Jesus.
I'm not talking about her relationship. Her relationship is not going to get you there.
I'm telling you, most people do not have a clue of what they're coming into—the shaking that's about to take place in this world.
We are in the beginning of sorrows. Most people think, 'Oh, well, no, we're not going to see much.'No, this is the beginning of sorrows.
You're about to see things you never thought you would see. This is the beginning of the Tribulation.
But most people think, 'Oh, well, we're going to be out of here before all this.'You're wrong.
Look around you. All the people who said the rapture was coming on the 23rd, they're wrong.
It didn't happen. I'm trying to tell you what's coming. A great shaking is coming.
The beginning of sorrows is here. He said, 'You're no longer going to it, Brandon.
This is the point of no return.'From the 23rd on, you will see a great acceleration, and we're already seeing it.
Digital IDs are coming for you in England. Look, from the 23rd on, a great acceleration is coming.
It's happening, isn't it? It's amazing. So, I'm trying to help prepare you.
Thank God for President Trump. Thank God for Vance. Thank God for his cabinet around him.
Thank God for our officials right now. Well, you say he's a Mason, he's all these things.
Oh, come on now. I hear so many conspiracy theories. He is QAnon, he is...
I'm telling you what. Did you hear President Trump is Q? Just go, 'My God.'You get all kinds of people.
We get emails and letters and books, and you go, 'There's so much nuttiness.'I just go, 'Come on, folks.'I have to laugh a little bit because it's very serious.
All right, let's pray. I drank my apple cider vinegar again.
It really does help, this stuff. Whoever thought of that is real smart.
Apple cider vinegar is good. It tastes like trash, but it does help you.
It tastes like trash. All right. Father, I thank You, Lord. How long have we gone?
Too long, probably, right? 59 minutes. 59? Hey, we're under time. We're doing good. We're under an hour right now, huh?
Usually Braden goes, 'We're an hour and a half.'I go, 'Oh my God.'Yeah.
And you already took communion. We already took communion, too.
So, we're doing good. We're saving you time. Hey, the night is young!
You'd be out partying usually in the clubs, right, in the old days on a Saturday night.
We're praying tonight, huh? Whenever you were a heathen, you were going to hell. You were out there partying, having fun at the clubs.
Now you're praying, and we're bringing in the Holy Ghost fire at your house, right?
So we're doing good. The night is young. Excuse me, I've got a trash can there. I don't like keeping that stuff down in my throat.
Father, we just lift up everything before You, Father, and we just humble ourselves before You tonight, Lord. And we just love on You.
Everybody has so many issues right now, God, they're trying to work through in their households and their homes, with their children.
But, Father, we just want to take the time to love on You tonight and say, 'God, You're a good God.
We love You, Lord.'We just sit at Your throne, and we sit at Your feet and we say, 'Jesus, open the eyes of our heart.
Open the eyes of our heart, Lord, that we want to see You. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see You. I want to see You. Open the eyes of our heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of our heart. I want to see You. I want to see You.
To see You high and lifted up, shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy, high and lifted up.'Shining in the light of your glory.
Pour out your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you.
The Lord said, "Pray over their marriages like he did last time."I want you to pray for their marriages and pray for strength in them.
Father, we lift up these marriages before you, God. We pray peace over their homes, a peace that passes all understanding.
Thank you, Father, that there's no strife. For we know where there's strife, there's every evil work.
So we speak peace and life in these homes, in these marriages, that they would not be in strife, that they would walk in love.
They would walk in love with each other. We speak love and life into their marriages, into their homes, over their children.
We thank you, Lord, because we know that when we raise a child up the way they should go, when they grow older, they will not depart.
So we speak over their homes that they are strong in the Lord and the power of his might, and they lean not onto their own understanding, but in all their ways they acknowledge you, Lord, and that you direct their paths.
We thank you. We pray Psalm 91 and protection over their homes, over their marriages, over their children.
And we thank you that as for them, as for me—as the scripture says, "As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord."And we thank you that as they stay rooted and grounded in you, as they stay attached to the vine, their marriages will be blessed, their children will be blessed.
And we thank you that they pray together, that they take communion together, and as they do these things, their marriages are blessed beyond anything they could ever comprehend, in Jesus'name.
Amen. Amen. Rock solid. Rock solid. Found a foundation in him.
Rock solid. There is nothing going to knock them down. They built their marriage upon the rock of the word of God.
And when the winds of life try to knock you down, you've built your house on this solid rock.
And upon this rock, he said, "I'll build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it."I believe that we are building our marriages, our lives, our households, our finances.
We're tithers, we're givers, we're sowers, and we have tithers'rights.
And he said that when you give, it shall be given unto you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over shall men give unto your bosom.
And we believe as tithers. We believe as givers. We believe that, Father, we are the head and not the tail.
Find Deuteronomy 28. We believe we're the head and not the tail, go above and not beneath, we'll go through and not go under.
We believe that this is a time like never before, that the blessing of the Lord is on our households, that everything, Father, we put our hands to would prosper.
Now, I want you to read Deuteronomy 28. It's all this right here, lover.
And these, if you will listen diligently to the voice of the Lord your God, being watchful to do all his commandments, which I command you this day, the Lord your God will set you high above all the nations of the earth.
And all these blessings shall come upon you and overtake you if you heed the voice of the Lord your God.
Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you be in the field.
Blessed shall be the fruit of your body, and the fruit of your ground, and the fruit of your beasts, and the increase of your cattle, and the young of your flock.
Blessed shall be your basket and your kneading trough. Blessed shall you be when you come in, and blessed shall you be when you go out.
The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
They shall come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways.
The Lord shall command the blessing upon you in your storehouses and in all that you undertake, and he will bless you in the land which the Lord your God gives you.
The Lord will establish you as a people, holy to himself, as he has sworn to you, if you keep the commandments of the Lord your God, and walk in his ways.
And all people of the earth shall see that you are called by the name of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of you. Yes, that's my favorite one.
And the Lord shall make you have a surplus of prosperity through the fruit of your body, of your livestock, and of your ground, and in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
The Lord shall open to you his good treasury, the heavens, to give the rain of your land in its season, and to bless all the work of your hands.
And you shall lend to many nations, but you shall not borrow.
And the Lord shall make you the head and not the tail, and you shall be above only, and you shall not be beneath, if you heed the commandments of the Lord your God, which I command you this day, and are watchful to do them.
That's good right there. So, that's what you stand on when it comes to your finances.
He said that you would be the head and not the tail, that you will lend unto many nations and you will not borrow.
I believe that this is a time that the sower and the reaper will go hand in hand, and that if you are a believing believer, whatever you put your hands to will prosper.
This is a time that you have exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think according to the power that worketh through you.
I believe that this is a time that you're going to be the head and not the tail, that you're going to walk in a divine blessing and increase because the Lord told us privately on the 23rd, he said to us, "Great favor is coming upon my children. Great favor is coming, days of heaven on earth.
Great favor will follow you, that goodness and mercy will follow you all the days of your life, and you'll dwell in the house of the Lord forever."I believe according to Deuteronomy, Psalm 23, and Psalm 91 that you walk in that blessing, that he prepares a table before you in the presence of all your enemies.
And I believe that goodness and mercy will follow you all the days of your life. You've got to believe that.
But the Lord told us on the 23rd, we had a visitation, and he said to us, "My goodness and my mercy, Brandon, a level of favor is going to follow the people like you've never seen, like ripe cherries off a tree."It's time for you to believe for the ripe cherries on the tree, that it's easy picking.
It's easy picking. It's time for the blessing and the favor of the Lord on your households. The low fruit. The low-bearing fruit.
That's what he said, "The low-bearing fruit."It's time for sweatless victory, where you're tilling the land and it's just—I'm talking sweatless victory where you're not sweating and you're not saying, "Oh, this is toil.
Oh, this is hard, this is hard work."He said it's going to be easy victory for you.
It's time for you to believe God for the easy, where goodness and mercy and favor follow you all the days of your life, and you walk in that blessing in these last days, that this will be a time of great acceleration for whatever you put your hands to.
You're going to go, "You know what? This was easy."And you've got to say, "These are going to be days of easy.
These are going to be days of blessing."When you walk into a place of business, they're going to go, "You know what?
I don't know why I'm doing this, but I'm going to help you out. You know what?
We had five other offers that were a lot higher than yours, but for some reason, I just can't shake it.
I'm supposed to help you out."Why not? We have tithers'rights—some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold. I believe that it's time. He talked to us.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, the seeds of your ancestors that have lain dormant in the ground, call them forth.'Your ancestors, some of them, they sowed seeds that they never reaped.
Remember, the Bible says that there'll be vineyards that you'll reap from, that you didn't plant.
Remember He said there'll be seeds that other people sowed that you're going to reap the harvest of if you believe for it.
There'll be houses that you didn't build. Here's what He told me.
He said, 'Brandon, there'll be houses that you didn't build. There'll be vineyards that you didn't plant.
There'll be increase that you didn't even have to sow for, but you're going to reap the harvest of it.
It's time; even the generational sowing is coming on My people.'Do you find that scripture, love? Yeah, I did.
It is Deuteronomy 6:10-11: 'And it shall be, when the Lord thy God shall have brought thee into the land which He swore unto thy fathers, to give thee great and goodly cities, which thou buildest not, and houses full of all good things, which thou filledst not, and wells digged, which thou diggedst not, vineyards and olive trees, which thou plantedst not.'And then in Joshua, it also says, 'And I have given you a land for which you did not labor, and cities which you did not build, and you will dwell in them; of the vineyards and oliveyards which you planted not do you eat.'So they did it back then in Joshua and Deuteronomy.
What was that? Deuteronomy 6:10-11. So I want you to start believing for vineyards you didn't plant.
Believe God for wells you didn't dig. Believe God today for houses you didn't build.
The Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, it's time for My goodness and mercy to follow you in a way that you've never seen before.'Do you understand?
It's time for you to reach out by faith and grab ahold of what God has for you, and tell the devil to get his hands off your money.
Tell the devil to get his hands off your finances. Tell the devil, 'You've held on to my stuff long enough.
It's time for you to give me back sevenfold everything you stole, and that's including your health.
It's time for the body of Christ to take everything and take the land for Jesus.'And have that backbone like a crowbar and say, 'Hey, you've been robbing me too long.'And when you take your place of authority in these last days, according to Ephesians, and you take your seat in your rightful place, and you say, 'Devil, you are underneath my feet.
I have authority over you, and I take my authority over you, and I say, in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, I'm blessed in the city.
I'm blessed in the field. I'm blessed.'You've got to believe it.
Nobody else is going to do it but you. You've got to go out and get the harvest.
You've got to get ahold of those ripe cherries off that tree.
That's why I say about my little girl, Megan. You've held on to her long enough.
This is too much. She's twenty-some years old. I'm believing God for the full manifestation of what she has coming to her.
It's called healing, deliverance, and restoration. Just like it was with the woman with the issue of blood: 'Daughter, your faith has made you whole.'Release the dove.
And it went out and found just an olive leaf the size of its beak—a little bitty thing.
And he knew from that day forward that the flood was over in your life.
Either you believe it or you don't. There's an expiration date to the flood in your life.
There's an expiration date to the hell that you're going through.
And you either believe it or you don't. Your marriage is going to turn around tonight.
Your healing is right there. I'm saying it's just like what we're believing for.
We got the olive leaf when we've gotten to some of these meetings. We've got the olive branch. We've got it.
But I'm telling you, I'm believing for the whole package, that she's going to come on here and tell you all that Jesus Christ is a healer.
And you may have gotten some breakthrough in your life, you may have gotten some kind of deliverance in your life, but don't settle for just ten percent of the blessing.
Take the ninety and say, 'Hey, I've got the whole thing, and I'm not accepting your poo-poo package at my door anymore, devil.'Because he'll show up all the time with a poo-poo package and tell you, 'This is your package.
You better accept it. These symptoms are coming, buddy, and you've got these symptoms.'You go up there and you say, 'No, I'm not accepting that FedEx poo-poo package from you, devil.
I'm not taking those symptoms in my life. I'm not taking it anymore. I'm not taking poverty in my life.
I'm a tither.'And the Bible says, 'I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.'And for what I have seen coming, ladies and gentlemen, you better understand your tithing rights.
You better understand who you are and say, 'I'm not accepting any poo-poo package because of a plague coming.'And you better understand Psalm 91 and Psalm 23, and take the blood of Jesus and say, 'I'm not going to allow this coming on my household.'Either you believe it or you don't.
Even with this virus we've overcome this last week. It shakes you when you're overcoming.
You go, 'No, no, no. I need to sharpen myself a little bit. This has been going on too long. I'm not going down.'I said, 'No, no, no.
Don't wait until he comes knocking at your door to get strong.'The enemy comes, and he'll walk about as a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour.
But you better have your Holy Ghost sword ready and not wait until the devourer comes to say, 'Hey, I'm going to get prepared.'Get prepared ahead of time.
Your mountain has to hear your voice. You have to speak to your circumstances to change.
Life and death is in the power of your tongue—not in Brandon's tongue, not in Diana's tongue, your tongue.
You have to know that you're a speaking spirit. You speak and you decree a thing, and you tell your mountain to go.
You have to have it inside of you—a bulldog faith. And there's a storm coming.
That's why I said we're going to stand and we're going to believe God. We're going to speak to the storms.
We're going to call it just like Jesus did, and we're going to say, 'Peace, be still.'So, I don't know where all that came from, but I felt like you needed to hear it.
That's where we're at, and I just want to encourage you all today.
God is a good God, and He's able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
No matter how bad your circumstances and your life look, sometimes you have to be a believing believer in these last days when you're seeing all this crap going on in the news, saying, 'Hey, you're going to get thrown in jail for having a Twitter post.'That's ridiculous.
'Well, we don't like that you spoke against the Palestinians and about what's going on over there, so we're going to put you in jail for the night to show you that you better keep your mouth shut.'That's nonsense.
Canada, you better watch it. I've warned you. Mark is a Trojan horse. I've told you.
I see him talking to the King of England, and he's a scorpion, and he's with Macron and these people.
I said he is tilling the ground. Macron is tilling the ground for the antichrist to take on. He is the Ishmael before the Isaac.
And you will see Ishmael rise up like a tyrant more in the days ahead than you ever could believe.
And that is coming. Shaking, shaking to awaken. The church must wake up.
The greatest revival this world has ever seen before is right at our door.
But it will come through persecution and a shaking. So, Father, we just thank you.
I started praying and then I felt the Holy Ghost say, "Say this."So, I said, "I gotta say it.
I got to be obedient."And so I say, "Well done. You did it. You said what I told you to say.
You warned them."I, from the top of the mountain, yelling across the valley, "Can these bones live?"Ladies and gentlemen, you must believe that all things are possible to him who believeth in these last days.
You must believe it. We will raise the dead. We will cast out devils.
We will see the blinded eyes open and the deaf ears open. You better believe that God will do it through you today.
God will do it. He's not just going and using Billy Burke and others.
He'll use you if you say yes. He needs all of us. I just go over there to glean and learn.
It's like, can I just soak a little bit? Learn. Learn all you can and learn some more.
I'm a learning person. I want to learn every day of my life. Learn.
Teach me how to walk with the Holy Ghost. I want to learn. And that's why I'm always learning.
Are we always learning? God, teach us how to pray better. Learn from our elders.
Grasp on to something, maybe their struggle and what they walk through. I try to grab a hold of.
I said, "Show me how to get through this that it wouldn't be so hard and so much effort."You know, teach me your mistakes.
What did you do? You messed up. I want to learn from these elders.
Show us. That's why they're there. They've walked it. They've been through the waist-high mud.
And you go, "Man, if I can learn from my elder, teach me so I don't have to walk through that mud, you know."But then we pray for them to keep strong.
That's why I pray for our elders. You pray for our generals that they stay strong so that they live long and finish strong and they don't die.
We don't want them going home. We need these people. You go, "Come on, God, give them another wind."Their youth is renewed like the eagle's and he fills their mouth with good things.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you give them a new wind of favor and victory and healing and wholeness and wellness and that they'll run their race, taking that baton and running.
We got to finish strong, y'all. We're right there. We're the closers.
People don't realize how close he is to coming. Jesus Christ is coming.
Jesus is coming. He comes and visits us. We had a beautiful visitation, didn't we? The 23rd was spectacular.
I said, "Oh, Jesus."He came and he comes and visits the ones he loves and trusts that we provide a place for him.
And Diana and I, we're just, it's wonderful. And I sit there and I go, "We just had a visit from the king.
We just had a visit from the king. Jesus, do it again. Lord, do it again. Do it for them.
Let them have a visitation today."Thank you, Father, that you are no respecter of persons and what you do for one, you'll do for another.
Father, we just give you praise again. Father, I get on track here.
Father, we worship you. We thank you. For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever. And we're so grateful, Father, that you inhabit the praises of your people tonight.
And I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles.
Do you believe in miracles? I've seen too much not to anymore.
I've seen too much. You'll never convince me that he's not. The Lord has shown me so much.
And I'm here to tell you that Jesus Christ is a healer. I'm here to tell you that he's coming.
When you've seen the angels and you've seen the glory, it's more real to me than whatever you are.
I'm so thankful. But he's called and chosen every single one of us for such a time as this.
It's not about Brandon. It's about him. And he loves you so much.
You may have known him before and you may have had a relationship with him before, but you've turned your back on it.
But I believe that Jesus Christ is extending that lifeline to you right now.
And he has that door and he's at your door and he's knocking at your heart and you're watching this and you're saying, "My goodness, I just feel refreshed tonight.
I'm filled. I have some hope."But inside of you, you're feeling that stirring on the inside of you and you just want a fresh start.
I just want a fresh start. I'm so tired. "Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest."He said, "Take my yoke upon you."Do you understand?
I believe that Jesus wants you to give a refreshing today. The weight of the world tries to choke the life out of you.
And you're just like, "I need air."But I believe you're here because God draws you here today.
He drew you here and you're just like, "Man, Brandon, would you please pray for me?
Diana, would you please pray for me?"And we'll be happy to pray for you.
We just love on you. We just want to invite you into the family and just say, "Come on in. Let's have a glass of iced tea.
Let's talk about it."And I believe that tonight, if you're watching and you feel that tugging on the inside of you, the Holy Spirit's drawing you and he's pulling at you and you're feeling, "Man, I just feel life.
I just want to feel hope tonight."Well, I want to pray for you.
And if that's you and I'm talking to you and you feel that you're ready to give up on life, you're ready to self-harm yourself, you feel like you want to jump off a bridge, you just want to end it all, you've got so much baggage and you think there's no way that God is going to deliver me out of any of this other than I just feel like I should end my life.
I just feel that I should end it all. There's no hope for me. That's what you feel.
But the devil has lied to you and he's blinded your eyes. And you may be strung out on drugs.
You may be strung out on sex. You may be strung out on alcohol tonight.
You could be just barely... you're watching this late at night.
You're just wasted. You're drunk. But you just happen to click on this and you're just gone.
You're high. But you don't know a high like the Most High. You're just thinking, "Man, I just need hope."Well, you came to the right place.
I believe that God is a God of hope. He's a God of love and he has a plan for your life. And you're not here by coincidence. You're watching this.
I just want you to click in that comment section and say, "You're talking to me, Brandon. You're talking to me.
Tell us because we want to pray for you."There's a lot of believing believers that just want to pray for you right now.
And you're watching this and you want a fresh start. I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I need a clean start.
I need a fresh plate. I want to sell out to Jesus tonight. I need a fresh touch tonight."Before we go on, I just want to make sure that there's anybody out there that just needs help.
So, we're going to pray a special prayer right now just for you.
You're here and you just need somebody to pray with you. Diana and I want to pray with you.
We just want to love on you. Say, "Jesus, I'm coming home tonight."Jesus, I need a savior.
I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil. Jesus, I believe you're the son of God. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I believe that today, Lord, I believe that if I confess my sins, you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
I want to be saved. I want to be born again. And I believe that today I'm born again.
I believe that today I confess my sins and I'm sold out to you.
I'm selling out to you, Lord. From this day forward, I will serve you with all my heart.
From this day forward, I will serve you with all I've got. And I turn my back on all those things, Lord, and I'm not going to do it anymore.
Write my name, Lord, in the Lamb's Book of Life. Thank you, Jesus, for forgiving me today.
And you gave me my fresh, clean start. I believe if you just said that prayer, you're a born-again Christian.
I believe today that you just sold out to Jesus, that you're here and you have just made the best decision of your life.
You said, 'Hey, I'm coming home.'And he is the God of the prodigal son. You're like the prodigal son.
He was laying in the pit and he was laying next to those pigs and he said, 'I'm just going to go back to my father's house and be a servant.'But when you came, he was the father with the robe.
He was the father that said, 'Kill the fatted calf, my son, and my daughter's home.'I believe that tonight the father has killed the fatted calf for you.
He's provided a robe for you. And he's saying, 'I have a plan for your life.'Now, if you just gave your heart to Jesus and you're here, we want to celebrate your decision tonight.
Diana and I want to give you a free Bible. You can get that free Bible.
Tell them, baby, how if you just go down into the description, you'll see our email address.
And then if you put in the subject line, 'I can't afford a Bible,'and put your name and your address in the email, then we will send you a free Bible through Amazon and we just want to bless you with this new walk with the Lord.
Read your Bible every day. It's very important. Yes, it's important.
And go to a Bible-believing church. You got to get plugged in to church or you're going to mess up again.
You've got to find a good Bible church, a non-denominational church.
Now, that's where Diana and I would go, and we would go and get plugged in there.
Go on Sundays, go Wednesdays if they have church on Wednesdays, go to Bible studies, read your Bible, tell that pastor, 'I just got born again on a YouTube broadcast and I want to get water baptized.'But I would encourage you to go and find a Bible-believing church and just tell them, a non-denominational church, say, 'Hey, listen.
I need to be water baptized.'So, that's the basis. You just did the hardest part right there.
Boom. That was easy, wasn't it? Now you're a born-again creature created in Christ Jesus.
All things are new. Behold, I make all things new. It's exciting. God is a good God.
So, I just felt we should have a little altar call there to pray for everybody that believes that they may be at the last of the last year and you just got some brand new hope.
Did we get anybody born again tonight? Did anybody give their heart to Jesus?
Braden. Yeah, I think around 50. Well, that's great. Praise the Lord.
All 50 of you. All 50 gave their heart to Jesus tonight. We're so excited for you.
50 born again, huh? We just keep throwing out the net. We're believing God for tens of thousands to Jesus.
Come to Jesus. 50 is a great thing. So, let's pray a little bit here and we'll end it. Father, we just thank you, Lord.
I'm seeing an event where when you wake up, everything will be changed in that 24 hours, and you'll watch the news and you'll pinch yourself at what's about to happen.
That's how much of a shaking it's going to be. Remember the way that 9/11 felt.
Remember the way that 9/11 felt that day for those that were there that day.
If you were to go back in time, September 11th of 2001, the day everything changed.
The very ring of fire. Everything is going to change. I see Japan shaking.
There's a shaking in the earth. Weather manipulation will come in a greater way.
Very unusual weather. I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'Very, very unusual cold.'Very unusual cold.
Siberian fronts. Extended release. Extended fronts. I see it even affecting the cattle.
I'm talking about freezing the cows. Frozen cows. Too cold.
They say it's too cold. Weather manipulation and weather warfare.
Watch the weather even in Australia change in the water. Hot, hot, dry, dry, dry.
I see cracks upon the water beds. I see cracks in Australia. I see cracks hot like a mirage, the way when it's...
even the kangaroos, they're trying to find water. They'll try to find water.
I see them bouncing around. Do you hear me? Hurry, hurry, hurry!
He's talking to me about the ark doors closing. Hurry and get on this boat.
Hurry, it's time. The time is coming and it will be too late to get on the boat. It is going to be too late to get on the boat.
So there will be a shaking coming, and you will see the sign that there's a great door that is closing and you'll be left behind.
You got to get on the boat. He says you got to get on the boat. He says, 'For the time is coming, for the door will close and it will be too late.
You must come through the door.'There'll be a shaking in your politics. There'll be a shaking in the church.
There'll be a shaking in the heavens, and there'll be a shaking in this earth.
And there'll be a shaking in your finances. He says, 'And this will be a sign and a wonder that his time has come.
You will see a shaking yet to come. There's a great shaking to awaken my church.'That's what he says.
'There's a shaking to awaken the church.'Many are asleep. He says it's time to wake up, for I am coming.
I am coming. He says he's going to shake you. There's going to be a great shaking in this earth.
For he has yelled and he has yelled, 'I have yelled and yet you still do not wake up.
For there'll be a great shaking now to awaken. There'll be a great shaking to awaken upon the land.
I have warned and I have warned, and what you're about to see is not judgment on thee.'He says, 'What you're about to see is not judgment.
This is a shaking to awaken before the great judgment. Tribulation will begin, and that is true judgment.
But what you will see is not a judgment right now. This is a shaking to awaken.
Many will say this is an Ichabod. Many will say we are into the tribulation.
But this is not the tribulation. We are not in it yet. This is the beginning of sorrows.'That's what he said.
'And they will be upon each other.'And they'll be upon each other.
Every day you'll turn on, and they'll be upon each other, like labor pains upon a woman.
So will it be; you'll remember this. That's what the Spirit of the Lord says.
The contractions will come back-to-back until the birthing.
But as of this 23rd, He says, you have entered the point of no return—a great acceleration upon the land. That's what the Spirit of the Lord says.
As of the 23rd going into the 24th, you shall now have entered the point of no return, of great acceleration.
When He's talking about the birthing pains as labor pains, there is no more epidural.
Do you understand? It's time to push. He said, 'It's time to push, for judgment begins in My house first.
And I'm cleaning up My church, and you will see much cleaning in the days ahead, bringing forth the new Davids, the new Esthers, the new Hannahs, the new voicepieces of mine that will seemingly come out of nowhere.
And I've called you and chosen you for such a time as this. So be bold in what He asks you to do.'The very angels in the throne room say, 'Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts, who was and is and is to come.'I hear them.
Angelic aid and assistance will flow in a great flow. I see them coming to help us get the job done, for the battle is His.
I'm telling you, He is victory! Victory in Jesus, my Savior forever: He sought me and He bought me with His redeeming blood.
He loved me ere I knew Him, and all my love is due Him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood.
You must be at the right place at the right time, listening to His heartbeat, listening to Him day-to-day. You must not take one day for granted. You have to pray.
You must seek Him each day, listening to Him, for the shakings and the things that I see, the quakings, it will be life and death for you.
I'm telling you, the most essential part of your day is to wake up and pray or before you go to bed.
Just don't forsake it. You must take communion. You must pray. I see a new virus again, but I see it over China.
There's something concerning this winter in this season right now.
You must pray for this. I see China. I see hospitals filled with people.
I see waiting rooms full of people. Glory to God! Glory to God!
Arise, shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
His presence is tangible, but it's different—the way He's talking tonight.
It's more instructive, though, like authoritative, instructive, like we've entered into a time. This is going to be glorious.
Many people, though, will think it's Ichabod in certain cities and certain areas, like He's turned His back on you.
You'll think that because you've never been established; you've never really, truly had a relationship.
But this is not an Ichabod. This is not Ichabod. You need to understand this is labor pains—shaking to awaken.
Change and shake the nations, Father. Hold nothing back, Lord.
Shake them and wake them up. Let's get this job done. Let's get out of here.
No more holding it back, Lord. Let's get the job done. Shake them, Father.
Let's kick this thing off. No more delay so we can go home. Why delay the inevitable?
Father, we pray over President Trump that he would line up and do the things that he needs to do in his position, because Father, I don't know who's coming after this.
I ask You, God, whatever he needs to do to get the job done, let him do it with great victory and great boldness.
And Father, whatever needs to be done with Israel to get this ball rolling, to get us down the road of the end times, let's not delay this thing anymore.
Let's make good use of this time with President Trump to line up and get things done.
Let's get the temple built. Whatever it takes, let's get it done so we can get out of here.
No more delay! Father, I thank You, Lord, that You've called him and chosen him for such a time as this. And I pray a hedge around and about him.
Father, there's protection over President Trump, over his family, over JD Vance, and over the people who are influencing him.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that he has a backbone like a crowbar, that You've called him and chosen him for such a time as this. And there's a hedge around President Trump tonight.
Visit him, Lord, in the middle of the night—and I'm talking not just a dream, I'm talking about Jesus going and sitting next to him on his bed and freaking the Secret Service out because Jesus is in the room.
Holy Ghost and fire! Lord, visit our president even as he sleeps. Wake him up and say, 'I just want to talk to you.
We got to talk.'Lord, let it be something radical—a radical visitation from Jesus to our president.
I thank You, Lord, that You will visit Melania and visit the children.
I thank You for a supernatural stirring on the inside of them tonight.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
I thank You that he cleanses his ears so that he would only hear what You want him to hear, God, and do what You want him to do.
I thank You, Father, that You protect him. I thank You for our Homeland Security and, Father, for our Secret Service, the FBI, all of them.
We pray, Father, for supernatural wisdom over our great nation.
I thank You, Father, that the light's going to get brighter and the church is going to rise up and be that giant like in Tommy Hicks's vision.
As He points His finger to us, Father, we rise up and say, 'Yes, Lord, here am I.'I thank You, Father.
I thank You for our churches, that they are no longer seeker-friendly, but that You are raising up men and women of God to speak behind the pulpit who do not have a lukewarmness to them, but rather a fire on the altar.
There is fire on the altar, there is repentance, and You are bringing forth a true turning away from sin, for You are a holy God.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You are bringing holiness back to our churches. Father, we give You praise and glory for that.
I thank You, Father, that there's a new wave of Your presence, a new outpouring of Your Spirit upon this land and all around the world—Africa, Asia, South America, the islands, Europe, the Middle East—a major harvest of souls all throughout this land in Jesus'name.
There is no more static and weirdness. We believe, Father, that this is going to be the best of days.
For some, it will be the worst of days, but we believe it'll be the best for the church.
Darkness will get darker, but the light is going to get brighter on the church.
No more delay, Lord! Let's get this done. Let's do this. And the fun has just begun.
Father, I thank You, Lord. We're excited. We're looking for you, Lord.
We're ready for you to come back and get us. We're ready to start the thousand years.
We're ready. Let's do this. Thank you, Father. Glory to God.
No more delay. All that's represented here tonight, we thank you, Lord.
We're all in agreement, Father, that you're coming quickly.
Come, Jesus. Come. Come and get us, Lord. We look for you, Lord.
We're so excited that you're coming, Father, that you're going to get us out of this.
We're not in retreat mode, but I am so excited to go into glory mode in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen. Is everybody excited about that? There's a stirring.
Boy, I can feel it. How long, son, have we been doing prayer today?
Two hours. That's a little bit. I feel like we made some great headway.
I feel it. We got some wind in our sail tonight, huh? Father, we give you praise for it.
We worship you. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God. Hallelujah to the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
Did you get something out of it tonight? Do you feel stirred up? Do you feel refreshed? Oh, Father, we thank you.
We thank you, Father, for the husbands and for the wives, to stir them up inside. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Glory to God.
We just believe with you that your husband is going to get radically born again up in here, don't you?
It's time. We don't believe in—what is it called, polygamy?
What is that called? Yeah, I think that's what it is. It's like we don't like Sister Wives, where that thing...
He's like, 'No, that's not what we're doing.'You've got to get born again.
Y'all are going to hell. This is—that's not right. God, praise the Lord.
Well, if you're new here and you've never been to one of our prayer times, could you please do me a favor and subscribe?
We're believing for a 1-million men and women prayer army, and we're getting closer. We're excited.
I told D, I said, 'It's growing slow.'I don't want to say slowly but surely, but we're believing for fast.
We're believing God for a million. Yeah. What then? What are we believing for after that? The Lord always says, 'Then what are you believing for?
Believe for two million.'After you believe for it, he always says, 'Okay, so Brandon, when I bring that to pass, what will you believe for next?'I said, 'Well, I don't know.'I had to stretch myself—1.1, 1.5, 1.6, I don't know.
We'll believe for more. I just thought, you know, he gave me a goal to believe for. And I always stretch myself to the capacity.
I say, 'Lord, let's believe for that.'You know, and once you reach it—because you know you will. It's a lot of prayers. That's a lot of prayer warriors.
And it's like I told Sister Billye Brim, I said, 'We had, in the last one, we had over 50,000.'I said, 'That's amazing prayer force.'And you know, the devil is just squirming because he's just like, 'No.'Hit him in the nose.
I just want to make sure that we're doing our job and we're doing it effectively. Stir you up.
The Lord said, 'Bring a place for the people to drink and pray so they get refreshed and stirred up and they're ready to go about their day, and then drink and pray.
You can do this.'I said, 'Well, that's what we're trying to do.'But we pray it blessed you tonight.
We love y'all. Thank you for being a part of our prayer group.
And it's pretty cool; I'm excited about it. All hearts clear. What are they saying in there?
They're saying that a shooting happened—three killed after a gunman on a boat fires at a restaurant.
Oh, no. Where is that at? North Carolina, I think. God, these people are nuts, man.
It's a spirit. It's a spirit. Do you understand? Do you see it?
This is what I'm talking about. So, we take authority over these mass shootings.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now that they find this man.
Is he found? We call him found. We call him brought to justice.
We call local law enforcement in the name of Jesus to have wisdom on where to find this man.
I thank you, Lord, that he'll be found and he'll be brought to justice, and it will be quickly done in Jesus'name.
Father, we pray over all the baseball games and NFL football games tomorrow.
We pray a hedge of protection around our NFL stadiums, over mass transit.
Father, we pray a hedge of protection around this nation in the name of Jesus with baseball playoffs, over basketball, and all the big gatherings, over college.
Thank you, Lord, that you protected our college athletes today.
Thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We thank you, Lord, for protecting the OU and Texas, and all the great games that are coming, tailgate parties, and all kinds of get-togethers.
I thank you, Lord, Father, for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
I pray a hedge of protection over our great nation and the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade ahead of time, Father, that when it comes to the gathering for holidays and for Black Friday, already ahead of time, Father, just a couple weeks away, we pray a divine protection over this nation in Jesus'name all around the world.
I feel great victory tonight, y'all. I feel like we just slapped the devil.
I'm telling you, I feel great victory. I feel it. I feel glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
I thank you, Father, that we're turning this thing around, that we have victory in Jesus'name.
'Victory in Jesus, my Savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood.'Thank you, Father. We believe, Father, right now in the name of Jesus.
We believe right now, Father, there's protection over our football games, over golf matches, and all kinds of, Father, major get-togethers, over our major cities: New York, Chicago, Detroit, Philadelphia, Boston, Washington, D.C., over these major areas.
I thank you, Father. Father, I thank you, Father, that you are protecting the mass transit, Father, for every area, every blind side.
I thank you, Father, that you bring light in the darkness, over Israel tonight, Father, over Benjamin. I pray a hedge of protection over Israel, Father.
And I thank you, Father, that in the middle of the night, they'll never have another October 7th attack, surprise attack.
Father, giving them wisdom ahead of time, Father, that all the hostages be released in the name of Jesus.
All hostages be released in the name of Jesus. I call them released.
I call all of the ones that are alive to be released in the name of Jesus. I say the fear of the Lord be on them.
The fear of the Lord be on those Hamas leaders that are holding back these people that are being tortured.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for even all the sex trafficking and all the darkness that has been on this land, Father, that you would expose the darkness within.
You expose the darkness in our land, Father, that you expose them and that the children would be protected.
We call forth the children to be protected in the mighty name of Jesus.
We put angels around and about these children and the sex traffickers.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll be exposed and brought to justice right now in Jesus'name. Lord, we give you praise and glory for it.
And we thank you, Lord, that you're exposing the sex traffickers and you're bringing them to justice all throughout the land, even in Europe—and the very men and women that touch these children, I thank you, Lord, that judgment falls on them quickly, that this nonsense stops now.
Father, we thank you, Lord. Every plot, every plan of every hidden cell of a terror organization in this nation, we call it exposed.
Even in Europe, I see it in Europe. Father, I thank you, Lord. No mass casualties going into the holiday season.
We pray over the tree, that Rockefeller tree in New York in Times Square. New Year's Eve is already ahead of time.
We pray over New York and Times Square at New Year's Eve major gatherings with the tree.
We pray over all these events, Father, over our great nation, over the parades over New Year's Eve.
I see a great financial breakthrough coming for people. I see a great financial breakthrough coming for people.
There's about to be some decisions made and a great financial blessing will come on people.
It's going to overwhelm. It's going to come on so quickly and so fast.
If you don't have a plan, it's going to overwhelm you. I need you to hear what I just heard.
Many of you wait until it's like lottery winners. Do you hear what I'm saying? It's like people who win the lottery.
It happens so quickly and so fast that they don't know how to handle it because they don't have a plan.
There's something about to happen for some of you that will be like lottery winners.
It will seem like that kind of wealth transfer so quickly for some of you.
I'm not saying all, but I see a group of people that if you don't have a plan set in motion, you need to have wisdom.
Something major is about to happen; I'm seeing it. Have a plan in order so you don't become a lottery winner.
Don't be a lottery winner. Don't be a statistic. Hallelujah.
Man, I'm telling you, I see that very strongly. Do not be a lottery winner. Have a plan in motion before it happens.
Some of you have been believing for a breakthrough for a long time, and your 'suddenly'is about to happen.
Hallelujah. Your 'suddenly'is about to happen. Glory to God.
God's going to show up and show off in your life in a way that you're going to go, 'Wow,'and pinch yourself.
Praise the Lord. I'm not just saying that, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm telling you, there's a great breakthrough coming for some of you.
I've seen it. It's time to believe God for big. What a beautiful season. What a beautiful season it will be. Oh my goodness.
They said, 'How can this all be?'I'm telling you, people are going to go, 'How do you have blessings in all this craziness going on?'You know what I'm saying?
It's like you can focus—I've told you a hundred times, you can focus on a quarter. That's how thin it will be.
You'll have dark, all the nonsense going on, and you'll have blessings, and you're going to have healings and demonstrations and the church rising up.
But you're going to have crazy and chaos and all these things.
I'm talking about Ichabod, all this stuff. We're in a time like we've never seen before.
That's what's going to happen. You're going to be like, 'What in the world? What is going on around here?'It's going to be crazy.
I'm telling you, it's time for y'all to—I'm telling you, from what I just see, I'm like, what?
A season like you've never experienced before. Hallelujah.
Well, praise the Lord. Well, I hope you got something out of this tonight.
I'm going to go on now. We'll do it again soon. Tomorrow, maybe.
We'll see. God bless you all. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.